README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload) 
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload.svg?style=flat-square)](https://coveralls.io/r/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload?branch=master) 
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload) 
[![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload) 
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/cakephp-upload/badge/?version=latest&style=flat-square)](https://readthedocs.org/projects/cakephp-upload/?badge=latest)
[![Gratipay](https://img.shields.io/gratipay/josegonzalez.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gratipay.com/~josegonzalez/)

# Upload Plugin 3.0

The Upload Plugin is an attempt to sanely upload files using techniques garnered from packages such as [MeioUpload](http://github.com/jrbasso/MeioUpload) , [UploadPack](http://github.com/szajbus/cakephp-uploadpack) and [PHP documentation](http://php.net/manual/en/features.file-upload.php).

See [this branch](https://github.com/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload/tree/2.x) for CakePHP 2.x documentation.

## Background

Media Plugin is too complicated, and it was a PITA to merge the latest updates into MeioUpload, so here I am, building yet another upload plugin. I'll build another in a month and call it "YAUP".

## Requirements

* CakePHP 3.x
* PHP 5.4+
* Patience

## Documentation
For documentation, please see [the docs](http://cakephp-upload.readthedocs.org/en/latest/).

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2010 Jose Diaz-Gonzalez

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add a link to the blog post

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload) 
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload.svg?style=flat-square)](https://coveralls.io/r/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload?branch=master) 
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload) 
[![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload) 
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/cakephp-upload/badge/?version=latest&style=flat-square)](https://readthedocs.org/projects/cakephp-upload/?badge=latest)
[![Gratipay](https://img.shields.io/gratipay/josegonzalez.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gratipay.com/~josegonzalez/)

# Upload Plugin 3.0

The Upload Plugin is an attempt to sanely upload files using techniques garnered from packages such as [MeioUpload](http://github.com/jrbasso/MeioUpload) , [UploadPack](http://github.com/szajbus/cakephp-uploadpack) and [PHP documentation](http://php.net/manual/en/features.file-upload.php).

See [this branch](https://github.com/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload/tree/2.x) for CakePHP 2.x documentation.

See [this blog post](http://josediazgonzalez.com/2015/12/05/uploading-files-and-images/) for a tutorial on using the 3.x version.

## Background

Media Plugin is too complicated, and it was a PITA to merge the latest updates into MeioUpload, so here I am, building yet another upload plugin. I'll build another in a month and call it "YAUP".

## Requirements

* CakePHP 3.x
* PHP 5.4+
* Patience

## Documentation
For documentation, please see [the docs](http://cakephp-upload.readthedocs.org/en/latest/).

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2010 Jose Diaz-Gonzalez

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
